Adds docs for Personal Myradio Dev (#372)
UniversityRadioYork/2016-site: README.md

$ make docker #Runs the image
```

## Using with your own Myradio

> ### Inital setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Creating an API key
```

> Next you need a api_key to allow the website to access myradio's show information,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, you need an API key to allow the website to access show information from MyRadio:
```

> login into database with details used during setup of myradio

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connect to the MyRadio database and run the following SQL
```

```sql
INSERT INTO myury.api_key (key_string, description) VALUES ('ARANDOMSTRINGOFCHARACTERS', '2016-site development api key');
INSERT INTO myury.api_key_auth (key_string, typeid) VALUES ('ARANDOMSTRINGOFCHARACTERS', (SELECT typeid FROM l_action WHERE phpconstant = 'AUTH_APISUDO'));
```

> [please choose a better key than 'ARANDOMSTRINGOFCHARACTERS']

Reviewer: square brackets is markdown syntax - and you should probably give an example of generating a random key like `openssl rand -hex 32` - which should come before the SQL statements

Reviewer: bump

You might need add some other database columns to create shows

for example:
-   explict podcasts (to create shows)
-   selector (expected by 2016-site/can remove this from models/index.go 2016-site)

This will fix shows not loading on 2016-site when using the base myradio as,

2016-site uses parts of database that aren't made on myradio creation.

> ### finishing steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Finishing steps
```

After completing all these setups:
You can setup a reverse proxy to "https://localhost:4443" or configure ssl for https connections,

And change 2016-site to use your myradio instance:

In Config.toml:

```

> myradio_api = "https://{hostname}/api/v2"

Reviewer: this should probably just explain how to connect it to localhost, don't bother with https/another reverse proxy

Author: the problem I encoured is there no easy way of running it over https which is required by myradio apache server, without reverse proxying through a domain. 
as it looks like you might need to gen some of your own certificates before you can use api 
x509: cannot validate certificate 
I'll see if I can make it work on localhost

Reviewer: if you go to http://localhost:7080/myradio/ rather than https://localhost:4443, it will work over http (if you have already set up a local instance, you need to change the port in `Config:$base_url` in `src/MyRadio_Config.local.php`)
